Load templates from external repository (#14)
sensebox/sensebox-mailer: README.md

| `SMTP_USER` | the smtp server user |  |
| `SMTP_PASSWORD` | the smtp server password |  |
| `FROM_DOMAIN` | the domain you are sending from |  |

> | `TEMPLATES_REPOSITORY` | repository of the templates |  |
> | `TEMPLATES_BRANCH` | main branch of the repository which is pulled |  |
> | `TEMPLATES_FS_PATH` | path where to clone repository |  |
> | `TEMPLATES_FETCH_INTERVAL` | time interval how often to pull repository |  |

Author: Aren't all of these optional?

```suggestion
| `TEMPLATES_REPOSITORY` | git url of the repository which contains the templates | y |
| `TEMPLATES_BRANCH` | use this branch of the repository for templates | y |
| `TEMPLATES_FS_PATH` | path where to clone repository | y |
| `TEMPLATES_FETCH_INTERVAL` | time interval how often to pull repository. Specify in [go duration](https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration) format.  | y |
```
